# TEMP_DETECTOR
Working: This software will continuously monitor the temperature of water. If the temperature in water increases above the desired temperature level, then the software will indicate the temperature is hot with color indication red (alert!) so that they can take preventive measures. On the other hand, if the temperature of water decreases below the desired level, then the software will indicate the temperature is cool with color indication green. If the temperature of water is equal to the desired temperature level, then the software will indicate the temperature is normal with color indication violet.
Software requirements: I have done this project in intelli j complier in combination with JDK 9 version. The java code I have used to build this project is divided into three separate codes: main.java, controller.java and sample.fxml. The main.java is the source code of this project and it also controls sample.fxml. The controller.java is the code which controls the action of the buttons, slide bar etc. in the project. Controller.java helps in performing the given command. Sample.fxml is a code which is used to allot the functioning to a particular button or slider etc. In sample.fxml we should give the measurements to the buttons slide bar etc.
How code works: After running the java code, the template is visible as output with the name temperature controller in industry. If the temperature is in between 0 to 20, the temperature indication is cool (with color indication green). If the temperature is in between 20 to 50, the temperature indication is Normal (with color indication violet). If the temperature is above 50, the temperature indication is Hot (with color indication red).
